said we gotta cut the card you don't pay
your bills I pay my bills swipe it one
more time nothing wrong with that card
Randy go get a debian sandhya Nestle
gnome belladona Moorhead you also had me
harm you notice I mean that that was
hurtful wasn't it or for hurtful
exceeded the credit limit I use the card
for coffee and gas Florida great beyond
water sports never heard of it I'm in
Colorado we don't have beaches you know
we're landlocked paracin you missed your
court date in Florida three days ago I
drove into Florida put election the hell
is this
fatty guess this is the person who stole
your identity in person in person sandy
Bigelow Patterson like your seat you
know what keeps a card it's done look at
her she's like a hobbit I can handle her
going after Bilbo this is crazy
you don't chase criminals
at noon Oh neck neck hurts ah why don't
we swap information sandy Bigelow
Patterson Bigelow such a rare name it's
a family name
Jeremiah Bigelow was a pretty well known
bear hunter sounds brave here's my
driver's license with my name sandy
Bigelow Patterson gotcha
we're gonna blue talk we'd be doubts
about this yeah let's
josè god you're alright though huh yeah
rental car didn't have a scratch on it
whoa that's great news cars fine what's
more important you should put your
hazards on